Resources added for Java kotlin scala (#2854)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/114-software-architect/content/104-programming-languages/100-java-kotlin-scala.md

> <DedicatedRoadmap
>   href='/java'
>   title='Javan Roadmap'
>   description='Click to check the detailed Java Roadmap.'
> />
> 
> # Java kotlin scala
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/'>Java Basics</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/absolute-beginners-guide-kotlin'>Learn the basics of Kotlin</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/basic-syntax.html'>Kotlin Docs</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.studytonight.com/data-structures/introduction-to-data-structures'>Data Structures and Algorithms.</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<DedicatedRoadmap
  href='/java'
  title='Java Roadmap'
  description='Click to check the detailed Java Roadmap.'
/>

# Java/Kotlin/Scala

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/'>Java Basics</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/absolute-beginners-guide-kotlin'>Learn the basics of Kotlin</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/basic-syntax.html'>Kotlin Docs</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://docs.scala-lang.org/tour/basics.html'>Scala Tutorial</BadgeLink>
```
